---
title: Welcome
layout: single
excerpt: "In this post I attempt to explain why this site exists."
classes: wide
---

Hello and welcome to the first post on my website! In this post I attempt to explain why this site exists.

I bought the `davidherrig.com`[^1] domain on a whim some time ago to create a `david@davidherrig.com` email address, which seemed like a cool idea at the time.

Next, I reasoned: I better make a real website as well to give the email address some credibility. So I created the website, filled it with some "under construction" notes, and left it to wilt for awhile. The idea of updating the website felt too much like work to me - not how I wanted to use my leisure time.

Fast forward to today, I am taking an extended break from work and I have plenty of time and energy for side projects like adding content to this website.

## So, what is the site for

I plan to use this site...
* to post occasionally about interesting side projects I'm working on
* to share my resume and contact info away from other social media
* as a sandbox to learn more about building things on the internet

This site is not a business. Since this site is openly visible to the entire world, I don't plan to post about my personal life on this site. 

## Who is it for

I don't expect many readers. But I hope the exercise of writing posts will help me organize my work and ideas by forcing me to articulate my thoughts in concise writeups.

However, I *am* curious to know if this site has any visitors, so the site may include some non-instrusive tracking features to help me collect that data.[^2] The costs associated with running the site should be low and it's not a business or money-making venture, so I won't put ads on the site. 

[^1]: and `dherrig.com`, which redirects here. Sadly, `davidh.com` seems to be unavailable.
[^2]: See more on about analytics and privacy on the [About](/about/) page.

## What's coming next

In the next few days/weeks:
* I will post an updated resume
* I will write the first of many posts about a small project I am beginning
* I will make some tweaks to the website style to get my desired look and feel

Thanks again for visiting! If you have any comments, questions, or issues to report with the site, please [contact me](/contact/). Your feedback is appreciated.
